# Cache Web Terminal
Web-based terminal emulator for InterSystems Cach&eacute; database. Access your database from the web, local network or even localhost.
### What's new?
#### v0.85

* Themes support added. Make your own terminal theme! Check first lines in js/application.js file.
* Storing history, terminal language and settings in local browser with new client-side commands /save /load and /reset
* Autocomplete priority - now you will get most frequently used variants first
* Added settings for automatical saving after session ends.
* Client-side commands won't get to history.
* Fixes for Firefox
* Other small fixes

### Ways to install terminal
<UL>
<LI>Just download XML from <a href="http://intersystems-ru.github.io/webterminal/#downloads">project page</a> and import it into %SYS namespace.</LI>
<LI>Use <a href="https://github.com/intersystems-ru/cache-tort-git">Cache Tort Git utility</a></LI>
<LI>Download an archive, unpack it and execute the following in %SYS namespace: <code>do $System.OBJ.ImportDir("UNPACK_FOLDER\", "*.xml", "ckbud", .err, 1)</code></LI>
</UL>
### Usage
Point your browser to the following csp file: (http://[host]:[port]/csp/sys/webTerminal/index.csp) Type "/help" to get more information.
### Additional information
Visit [project page](http://intersystems-ru.github.io/webterminal) for extra information.
### Description
<table>
	<tr>
		<td class="hint">Feature</td>
		<td class="hint">Description</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td class="info">WebSocket protocol</td>
		<td>Provides stable and solid client-server connection.</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td class="info">Autocompletion</td>
		<td>While entering commands, notice hints appearing in gray font. Hit &lt;TAB&gt; to extend your current input with suggested variant. If there is more than one hint available, you can choose best variant by pressing &lt;CTRL&gt; or &lt;ALT&gt;. Autocompletion database is still work in progress, you can find it at the end of terminal.js file.</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td class="info">Syntax highlighting</td>
		<td>Browser can divide code into logical blocks and style them according to syntax.css style definitions.</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td class="info">History</td>
		<td>Browser remembers command history, just use arrow keys to walk through it.</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td class="info">Copy/Paste</td>
		<td>Select and copy text you need. Paste any combination of symbols into terminal input.</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td class="info">Security</td>
		<td>Access to WebSocket is granted only if client has a hash generated by csp page. This makes it impossible to bruteforce opened WebSocket.</td>	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td class="info">Accessibility</td>
		<td>Copy your current URL and send to anybody you want. Terminal is session-independent, so you can use your own variables without thinking about other users.</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td class="info">And even more...</td>
		<td>New features <s>and bugs</s> are coming!</td>
	</tr>
</table>
